Add support for reading VictorOps API key from file (#3111)
prometheus/alertmanager: docs/configuration.md

> # The API key to use when talking to the VictorOps API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The API key to use when talking to the VictorOps API.
# It is mutually exclusive with `api_key_file`.
```

[ api_key: <secret> | default = global.victorops_api_key ]

> # The filepath to API key to use when talking to the VictorOps API. Conflicts with api_key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Reads the API key to use when talking to the VictorOps API from a file.
# It is mutually exclusive with `api_key`.
```
